how to find the best AI marketers to
work
with let's find out this is Neil
Patel helping you succeed through online
marketing this subject is tried and true
it's it's never really going to go away
and I think it's a subject that we want
to keep refreshing over time so you go
first one thing that I love doing is if
you look at Eric and I will blog about
marketing and sometimes we even blog
about Ai and what we're doing with AI
we're talking about it on our podcast if
you can go out there and look at
everyone who is talking about AI
marketing some of those will already
work full-time for a corporation some of
them are Freelancers some of them are
just talking about it on Twitter or
Instagram because it's just fun for them
start hitting up those people and having
conversations not about hiring them but
more so like hey I noticed you did X Y
and Z with AI like what are you doing
for automating keyword research or what
are you doing for or bid management and
as you start talking to other people
about Ai and marketing especially the
people who are already talking about it
a you'll learn more and B you'll figure
out who's really good in getting results
and those are the people that you want
to start working with whether they're
contractors or
Freelancers um you can use a lot of
different uh vernaculars here or you
know try to convince him to become a
full-time employee I was talking to Neil
about this earlier and and so the the
new Elon Musk biography one of the
things he did early the Early in his
Twitter days when he first was taking
over the company he was interested in
figuring out who's Allin and who's
hardcore right and typically if you're
looking for the best of the best they're
hardcore and well if I'm looking at if
I'm looking for someone that's hardcore
I want someone that has actually that's
out there actually building something on
their own and if you're creating content
out there you're trying to be a Creator
I believe that you're actually doing
something and if you're sharing case
studies you're doubly doing something
the best of the best people usually
sometimes you're not going to be able to
pick them up immediately sometimes it
might take you three months it might
take six months it might take even two
years to pick up this person dude you
you got to get to know them people want
to build relationships it's like the
same reason why on LinkedIn we don't
tell people hey we want to hire you it's
we typically ask them hey do you know
anyone who's like you that would be
interested in a job and sometimes
they'll raise their hand being like hey
I'm interested and it takes a while to
get to know people you don't want to
scare them off at the beginning you got
to build that relationship before you
close them another thing that we've been
doing to really find a ton of good AI
marketers dude we've been scouring
LinkedIn for because right now you can
see on Google or TechCrunch or any of
the sites people talk about like oh
check out this new AI tool oh here's
this AI directory that lists out every
single AI tool out there and what we're
doing is we're finding people who work
at those corporations who know those
tool sets extremely well and we've been
interviewing those kind of people being
like huh if you're part of our
organization what can you help
streamline what can you help automate um
how would you end up using these AI
tools how would you end up empowering
our current team members and teaching
them how to use it how can you make sure
that they just use it and you don't
train them and then they're just like oh
cool I'm just going to go back to doing
what I was doing my old way and just
ignore this and we found that to be a
pretty effective way to also find people
who are good at AI because some of these
guys have built the tools they're not
quote unquote marketers but they can
help all the marketers within your
organization adapt these AI tools and
set them up in a way where it works
because you have to remember AI is
technology how can you have your
marketers leverage technology and
sometimes times it's not just about
hiring someone whose background is
marketing but sometimes it's about
hiring that engineer who can help your
team integrate AI as well now if you
have any questions leave a comment below
I'm here to answer them and help you out
if you enjoyed the video like it share
tell the people about it thank you very
much